Add onsite volunteers page and links (#1247)
EuroPython/website: src/content/deadlines/07_volunteering.md

---
title: On-Site Volunteers
subtitle: Join Us
url: /volunteers
image: "./volunteers-2024.jpg"
---

> EuroPython would be nothing without the smiley faces of our volunteers! Check
> out our volunteering registration process & perks and, if you are interested,
> help us deliver the oldest and longest running volunteer-led Python programming
> conference on the planet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EuroPython runs on volunteer power! Check out how to get involved and help us deliver the longest-running volunteer-led Python conference in the world.
```
